[docs] Write the document of PageSaver and NavState (#100)
cyberagent-zemi/katalog: docs/docs/main/extensions/page-saver.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

import { Preview } from "/src/widgets/Preview";
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Page Saver

> There is an extension that restores the last opened pages on restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an extension that restores the previously opened page upon restart.
```
